Moving Cluster Guide Files (#4)
bsurc/docs: docs/Cluster Guides/Appendix_A:_FAQ.md

# **Appendix A: FAQ**

### **What should I do if I need help?**

Above all, the Research Computing team is here to help YOU, the researcher, make advances in your field. There are multiple decades worth of programming, system administration, scientific computing, and other technical experience between everyone on the RC team, so don’t be afraid to reach out and tap into this.

### **How can I test my code?**

> Use <code>dev-session, gpu-session, and/or debug-session</code> for code testing/compiling/optimizing. This refers to 1 and 2; avoid accidentally running parallel code or a parallel compile on the head node by using the sessions we’ve built for this purpose. You should test code before running it, especially if your job is running with MPI across multiple nodes. If your code is faulty and doesn’t utilize MPI correctly (by not being configured to use multiple nodes right), then your job can “use” nodes while actually keeping them idle, wasting the resources by keeping other users from utilizing them.

Author: There isn't a numbering on the site: https://www.boisestate.edu/rcs/cluster-guides/faq/. It's definitely unclear, though, what 1 and 2 are referring to.

# Appendix A: FAQ

### **What should I do if I need help?**

Above all, the Research Computing team is here to help YOU, the researcher, make advances in your field. There are multiple decades worth of programming, system administration, scientific computing, and other technical experience between everyone on the RC team, so don’t be afraid to reach out and tap into this. Calling, emailing, and inperson vists can all be utilized and info of the following can be found at the bottom of this page. 

### **How can I test my code?**

> Use `dev-session`, `gpu-session`, and/or `debug-session` for code testing/compiling/optimizing. This refers to 1 and 2; avoid accidentally running parallel code or a parallel compile on the head node by using the sessions we’ve built for this purpose. You should test code before running it, especially if your job is running with MPI across multiple nodes. If your code is faulty and doesn’t utilize MPI correctly (by not being configured to use multiple nodes right), then your job can “use” nodes while actually keeping them idle, wasting the resources by keeping other users from utilizing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `dev-session`, `gpu-session`, and/or `debug-session` for code testing/compiling/optimizing. As the login node is a shared resource, we use automatic monitoring to kill processes which would slow down the login node for all users. To avoid your parallel testing or compilation processes accidentally being killed, please use the sessions we’ve built for this purpose. You should test code before running it, especially if your job is running with MPI across multiple nodes. If your code is faulty and doesn’t utilize MPI correctly (by not being correctly configured to use multiple nodes), then your job can “use” nodes while actually keeping them idle, wasting the resources by keeping other users from utilizing them.
```

### **Can I use the cluster for purposes other than education/research?**

**No.** Using the cluster for purposes other than education or research is not allowed. Mining Bitcoin on the GPU nodes is as unwise as it is obvious, and the sysadmins will figure out what’s going on pretty quickly and revoke your cluster access.

### **What should I do if my workflow requires me to have sudo/administrator access?**

For security reasons, only admins on the campus clusters are allowed sudo access. Please reach out to Research Computing if you run into issues with this – we are more than happy to help get your workflow set up on the cluster.

### **What about cybersecurity on the clusters?**

> Adhere to standard cybersecurity protocols([Information Technology Policy](https://www.boisestate.edu/policy/information-technology/information-technology-resource-use/)). You have been granted a cluster account in trust, so standard security rules apply (like, for example, never give out your password). Use of Boise State University computing resources must be consistent with Boise State's educational goals, as well as comply with local, state and federal laws, and university policies. Use of the system constitutes consent to monitoring for compliance with local, state and federal laws, and university policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using university cluster resources, you agree to adhere to the university's [information technology resource use policy](https://www.boisestate.edu/policy/information-technology/information-technology-resource-use/). You have been granted a cluster account in trust, so standard security rules apply (like, for example, never give out your password). Use of Boise State University computing resources must be consistent with Boise State's educational goals, as well as comply with local, state and federal laws, and university policies. Use of the system constitutes consent to monitoring for compliance with local, state and federal laws, and university policies.
```

> ## Contact Info:
> 
> |RESEARCH COMPUTING SUPPORT| researchcomputing@boisestate.edu|(208) 426-3904| Riverfront Hall, Suite 319, 1987 W Cesar Chavez Ln, Boise, ID 83725 |
> | :---                     | :---                            | :---         | :---                                                                | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's consider adding this to the footer on every page.
